ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.md, before:

# Acknowledgements

One of the beatiful things about the web is learning from others who have authored or shared smart solutions that make building websites a little bit nicer.

## Inspiration & References

- **Fluid Type and Spacing** – Utopia's immensely helpful [fluid type](https://utopia.fyi/type/calculator/?c=320,8,1.2,1440,12,1.333,6,2,&s=0.75%7C0.5,1.5%7C2%7C3%7C4%7C6,s-l&g=s,l,xl,NaN) and [fluid space](https://utopia.fyi/space/calculator?c=320,8,1.2,1440,12,1.333,6,2,&s=0.75%7C0.5,1.5%7C2%7C3%7C4%7C6,s-l&g=s,l,xl,NaN) calculators which contain far more math than I'm capable of mathing.
- **Theme Toggle** – I learned so much on [building a theme switch component](https://web.dev/articles/building/a-theme-switch-component) from Adam Argyle. His tutorial is deeply thoughtful, comprehensive, and fun to follow.
- **CSS Utilities** – Andy Bell has a treasure trove of useful CSS utilities but the crown jewel is the [Flow CSS Utility](https://piccalil.li/blog/flow-utility/) which is a must have in each of my projects now.

Commit message:

Add hat tip to every layout

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.md, after:

# Acknowledgements

One of the beatiful things about the web is learning from others who have authored or shared smart solutions that make building websites a little bit nicer.

## Inspiration & References

- **Layouts and compositions** – [Every Layout](https://every-layout.dev/) is Heydon Pickering & Andy Bell's thorough resource for generating some of the most robust and useful layout compositions in CSS. I use them extensively.
- **Fluid Type and Spacing** – Utopia's immensely helpful [fluid type](https://utopia.fyi/type/calculator/?c=320,8,1.2,1440,12,1.333,6,2,&s=0.75%7C0.5,1.5%7C2%7C3%7C4%7C6,s-l&g=s,l,xl,NaN) and [fluid space](https://utopia.fyi/space/calculator?c=320,8,1.2,1440,12,1.333,6,2,&s=0.75%7C0.5,1.5%7C2%7C3%7C4%7C6,s-l&g=s,l,xl,NaN) calculators which contain far more math than I'm capable of mathing.
- **Theme Toggle** – I learned so much on [building a theme switch component](https://web.dev/articles/building/a-theme-switch-component) from Adam Argyle. His tutorial is deeply thoughtful, comprehensive, and fun to follow.
- **CSS Utilities** – Andy Bell has a treasure trove of useful CSS utilities but the crown jewel is the [Flow CSS Utility](https://piccalil.li/blog/flow-utility/) which is a must have in each of my projects now.
